you
partners Kevin from epic gardening here
just doing a little tower garden update
if you haven't noticed already boom two
of them that is correct I have set up
the other tower garden I'll talk about
that one in a second but first let's do
an update on this guy recently changed
out the nutrients readjusted the pH
seems like it keeps wanting to climb up
to the seven point 0 range so I keep
popping it back down to the 6.1 6.2 5.9
sort of range and as you can see things
are just still absolutely exploding I
got let me get a little closer for you
guys I got spinach up top this stuff's
ready to harvest i'm going to start
picking off the outer leaves lettuce
maybe if i want to go baby lettuce I
could do that this stuff's getting
really close to being almost mature and
if we get down to the bean level let's
go beans beans cucumber look at this
thing look at this leaf huge massive
leave the Dragon's tongue bean doing
well these are the purple potted pole
beans that so those are going to start
really throwing out some shoots and just
going wild but wait as you can see
there's the kale right there do a little
close up on the kale grown a little
slower than normal as you can see things
are just really really going well on the
tower I'm really happy I'm really
pleased with it it seems like all the
issues i mentioned in one of my earlier
videos not such a big deal as you can
see it's relatively straight but even if
it's crooked a little bit water still
hits everything i'm going to give you a
little teaser of what's going on under
the hood right now if you can see it
look at those roots that's happened in
the last 3-4 days rusev just started to
say hey I'm hungrier than what i'm
getting up top put me in the nutrient
solution and then another thing i wanted
to mention was right there this little
bag is called saima life it's a
biocatalyst it's what i talked about in
my previous video and what it does is
essentially speed up reactions within
the plan so plant taking in nutrients
converting nutrients into vegetative
growth flowers etc it speeds that
process up from what i understand i
haven't done
as much research as I want to do and I
hope to do a little bit more soon but it
really looks to be doing well now again
I haven't done a split test I'm going to
throw some seedlings into a small
seedling deep water culture unit and
then do a before after kind of thing or
even a side-by-side and that's going to
be coming in the future but you know for
now really pleased with it not seeing
really any nutrient problems any plant
issues leaves all looking extremely
extremely healthy so really pleased so
what's going on on this one pretty much
the same thing I just have staggering
them a little bit so I can you know test
out some different things this one still
need to put a couple more seedlings in
the in the pods but for the most part
we're growing almost the same stuff
except for I've got some peppers on the
bottom and I think maybe a little bit of
cabbage not one hundred percent sure I
should really take my own advice and
write this down a little bit more in
depth but for now that's what's going on
with the towers you guys have any
questions about tower gardening let me
know in the comments because I'd love to
answer I'm really having fun grown with
these so far so here's just a little far
away pull away you guys like this
subscribe there's a bunch of videos
coming for not only tower gardens but
also growing with an LED that I'm about
to put up so subscribe like it's kevin
from epic gardening keep grown guys and
I'll see you later